PR [KOB-2052-KOB-3417] Integrating Kobiton into CircleCI and Appium (#1)
NguyenHoanTien/CircleCI-HockeyApp-Appium-ReactNative: docs/README.md

- [B. Test session details](#b-test-session-details)
    - [1. Viewing test session details on Kobiton website](#1-viewing-test-session-details-on-kobiton-website)
    - [2. Fetching test session details using Kobiton REST API](#2-fetching-test-session-details-using-kobiton-rest-api)
- [C. Feedback](#c-feedback)

## A. Integrating Kobiton with CircleCI
### 1. Preparation
#### 1.1. Getting Kobiton Username and API key
Kobiton Username and API key are required for authenticating with Kobiton.

> If you don't have a Kobiton account, visit https://portal.kobiton.com/register to create one.

To get your Kobiton Username and API Key, follow instructions at `IV. Configure Test Script for Kobiton` section on [our blog article](https://kobiton.com/blog/tutorial/parallel-testing-selenium-webdriver/).

#### 1.2. Samples
To give you an in-depth demonstration of the integration flow, we have provided samples:
- Script for executing automation test on Kobiton devices : [automation-test-script.js](/samples/automation-test/automation-test-script.js).
- CircleCI configuration file : [config.yml](/.circleci/config.yml).

Follow steps below to get started:

> 1. Fork this repository https://github.com/kobiton/CircleCI-HockeyApp-Appium-ReactNative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fork this repository
```

2. Synchronize the forked repository with CircleCI.
> Refer to [CircleCI documentation](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/getting-started/) for instructions on how to synchronize a repository with CircleCI.

> Note : At first synchronization, the build process will be failed to execute. This is normal, just ignore the `Build Failed` message.

### 2. Setup
#### 2.1. Setting Kobiton Username and API key

In your project configuration in CircleCI, add two environment variables:
- `KOBITON_USERNAME` : Your Kobiton's username.
- `KOBITON_API_KEY` : Your Kobiton's API Key.

Your `Environment Variables` window should look like this

![Environment variables](./assets/env-variables-after-add.png)

#### 2.2. Setting Kobiton device desired capabilities
In order to execute tests on a specific device in Kobiton, its corresponding desired capabilities needs to be supplied.

> The provided script has been pre-configured to execute automation test of a demo Android application on a random, available Android devices which name begins with `Galaxy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For demonstrating, we already pre-configured the provided test script `(automation-test.js)`. This script will execute automation test of a sample application on an Android device of Kobiton (Randomly). 
```

**Demo application details**

> - Filename: `ApiDemos-debug.apk`

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```
- Filename: `ApiDemos-debug.apk`
- Download link: https://appium.github.io/appium/assets/ApiDemos-debug.apk
```
~~~

- Download link: https://appium.github.io/appium/assets/ApiDemos-debug.apk

If you want to execute on a specific device, refer to instructions below to get the corresponding desired capabilities for that device.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Set up device desiredCaps**
```

  deviceGroup:        'KOBITON', 
  groupId:            100,
  deviceName:         'Pixel 2 XL',
  platformVersion:    '8.1.0',
  platformName:       'Android' 
}
```

The environment variables representing above desired capabilities should look like this:

![Desired Caps To ENV Example](./assets/desired-caps-circleci-env.png)

> More information about Desired Capabilities and its parameters can be found in https://docs.kobiton.com/automation-testing/desired-capabilities-usage/

#### 2.3. CircleCI configuration file
The provided CircleCI configuration file we will be using looks like this:

```yaml
version: 2
jobs:
  build:
    working_directory: ~/sample
    docker:
      - image: circleci/node:latest
    steps:
      - checkout
      - run:
          name: npm-restore-deps
          command: npm install
          working_directory: samples/automation-test
      - run:
          name: app-auto-testing
          command: npm run automation-test-script
          working_directory: samples/automation-test
```

Below is in-depth explanation of the provided configuration file:

- Here we use CircleCI official NodeJS Docker image as the execution environment

> ```yaml

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
>``` 
> docker:
>  - image: .....
> ```
~~~
Apply this format to the rest

docker:
    - image: circleci/node:latest
```

- Checkout and pull code from GitHub

```yaml
- checkout
```

- Install all missing dependencies

```yaml
- run:
    name: npm-restore-deps
    command: npm install
    working_directory: samples/automation-test
```

- Execute automation test script on Kobiton

```yaml
- run:
    name: app-auto-testing
    command: npm run automation-test-script
    working_directory: samples/automation-test
```

> For more information about how to execute automation test(s) on Kobiton, you can visit:

> > - Kobiton automation testing documentation: https://docs.kobiton.com/automation-testing/automation-testing-with-kobiton/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - [Kobiton automation testing documentation](https://docs.kobiton.com/automation-testing/automation-testing-with-kobiton/)
```

    - [2. Setup](#2-setup)
        - [2.1. Setting Kobiton Username and API Key](#21-setting-kobiton-username-and-api-key)
        - [2.2. Setting Kobiton device desired capabilities](#22-setting-kobiton-device-desired-capabilities)
        - [2.3. CircleCI configuration file](#23-circleci-configuration-file)
    - [3. Automation Test Execution](#3-automation-test-execution)
- [B. Test session details](#b-test-session-details)
    - [1. Viewing test session details on Kobiton website](#1-viewing-test-session-details-on-kobiton-website)
    - [2. Fetching test session details using Kobiton REST API](#2-fetching-test-session-details-using-kobiton-rest-api)
- [C. Feedback](#c-feedback)

## A. Integrating Kobiton with CircleCI
### 1. Preparation
#### 1.1. Getting Kobiton Username and API key
Kobiton Username and API key are required for authenticating with Kobiton.

> If you don't have a Kobiton account, visit https://portal.kobiton.com/register to create one.

To get your Kobiton Username and API Key, follow instructions at `IV. Configure Test Script for Kobiton` section on [our blog article](https://kobiton.com/blog/tutorial/parallel-testing-selenium-webdriver/).

#### 1.2. Samples

> In this repository, we have already provided samples for executing automation test in Kobiton using CircleCI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this repository, we will use the provided samples for executing automation test in Kobiton using CircleCI:
```

> - Script for executing automation test on Kobiton devices : `/samples/automation-test/automation-test-script.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Script for executing automation test on Kobiton devices : [automation-test-script.js](/samples/automation-test/automation-test-script.js).
```

> - CircleCI configuration file : `/.circleci/config.yml`.

Reviewer: same
```suggestion
- CircleCI configuration file : [config.yml](/.circleci/config.yml).
```

> Link to the `samples` folder: https://github.com/kobiton/CircleCI-HockeyApp-Appium-ReactNative/tree/master/samples

Reviewer: remove this line. I don't think it necessary

> In this guide, we will be using the provided samples. Follow steps below to get started:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow steps below to get started:
```

1. Fork this repository https://github.com/kobiton/CircleCI-HockeyApp-Appium-ReactNative.
2. Synchronize the forked repository with CircleCI.

> > Refer to https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/getting-started/ for instructions on how to synchronize a repository with CircleCI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Refer to [documentation](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/getting-started/) for instructions on how to synchronize a repository with CircleCI.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>
```

Reviewer: ????

> Note : At first synchronization, the build process will be failed to execute. This is normal, just ignore the `Build Failed` message.

### 2. Setup
#### 2.1. Setting Kobiton Username and API key

In your project configuration in CircleCI, add two environment variables :
- `KOBITON_USERNAME` : Your Kobiton's username.
- `KOBITON_API_KEY` : Your Kobiton's API Key.

Your `Environment Variables` window should look like this

![Environment variables](./assets/env-variables-after-add.png)

#### 2.2. Setting Kobiton device desired capabilities
In order to execute tests on a specific device in Kobiton, its corresponding desired capabilities needs to be supplied.

> In `samples/automation-test` folder, we have provided a sample script for executing automation test on Kobiton device(s). The provided script has been pre-configured to execute automation test of a demo Android application on one of available devices which name begins with `Galaxy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For demonstrating the integration flow and help you can run a sample automation test on Kobiton, we already pre-configured the provided test script `(automation-test.js)`. This script will execute automation test of a sample application on a Android device of Kobiton (Randomly). 
```

> Demo application details:

Reviewer: ~~~
**Demo application details:**
```
Filename: ApiDemos-debug.apk
Download link: https://appium.github.io/appium/assets/ApiDemos-debug.apk
```
~~~

- Filename: `ApiDemos-debug.apk`
- Download link: https://appium.github.io/appium/assets/ApiDemos-debug.apk

> If you want to execute automation testing of the provided application on another device, refer to instructions below to get the corresponding desired capabilities for that device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to execute on a specific device, please refer to instructions below to get the corresponding desired capabilities for that device.
```

Author: `If you want to execute automation testing of the provided application on a specific device` would be nicer :D

**Getting desired capabilities**
1. Go to https://portal.kobiton.com/login and login with your Kobiton account.
2. Click **"Devices"** at the top of the window.

![Devices button](./assets/devices-button.png)

3. Hover over the device you want to run the test script on (in this example: `Pixel 2 XL`), click the gear button.

![Automation Settings button](./assets/gear-button.png)

4. In the `Automation Settings` popup:
- In `Language` section, choose `NodeJS`.
- In `App Type` section, choose `Hybrid/Native from Url`.
- In `Application Url` section, put `https://appium.github.io/appium/assets/ApiDemos-debug.apk`.

![Example Android DesiredCaps](./assets/desired-caps-example-android.png)

> 

Reviewer: Then do what ?

**Setting desired capabilities**

Add these environment variables to your project configuration in CircleCI with values of corresponding variables taken from the collected desired capabilities as shown in the table below

> | CircleCI Environment Variable       | Desired Capabilities Variable  | Description                                         | Default Value                                             |

Reviewer: Do we need "Description" part ?

| KOBITON_DEVICE_PLATFORM_VERSION     | platformVersion                | Kobiton Device Platform Version                     | *No*                                                      |
| KOBITON_SESSION_DEVICE_ORIENTATION  | deviceOrientation              | Device Orientation (e.g: Portrait, Landscape)       | portrait                                                  |
| KOBITON_SESSION_CAPTURE_SCREENSHOTS | captureScreenshots             | Enable screenshots capture during session execution | true                                                      |
| KOBITON_SESSION_DEVICE_GROUP        | deviceGroup                    | Kobiton device group                                | KOBITON                                                   |
| KOBITON_ORGANIZATION_GROUP_ID       | groupId                        | Group ID of the device                              | *No*                                                      |
| KOBITON_SESSION_APPLICATION_URL     | app                            | Download link to the application used for testing   | https://appium.github.io/appium/assets/ApiDemos-debug.apk |

> For example, if desired capabilities for executing automation test of the provided demo Android application on Pixel 2 XL running Android 8.1.0:

Reviewer: move this to the top of this part

Author: I think we should keep this here. Flow : show instructions -> demonstration (example)

  deviceName:         'Pixel 2 XL',
  platformVersion:    '8.1.0',
  platformName:       'Android' 
}
```

The environment variables representing above desired capabilities should look like this:

![Desired Caps To ENV Example](./assets/desired-caps-circleci-env.png)

> More information about Desired Capabilities and its parameters can be found in https://docs.kobiton.com/automation-testing/desired-capabilities-usage/

#### 2.3. CircleCI configuration file
The provided CircleCI configuration file that we will be using looks like this:

```yaml
version: 2
jobs:
  build:
    working_directory: ~/sample
    docker:
      - image: circleci/node:latest
    steps:
      - checkout
      - run:
          name: npm-restore-deps
          command: npm install
          working_directory: samples/automation-test
      - run:
          name: app-auto-testing
          command: npm run automation-test-script
          working_directory: samples/automation-test
```

Below is in-depth explanation of the provided configuration file:

Step 1 : Here we use CircleCI official NodeJS Docker image as the execution environment

```yaml
docker:
    - image: circleci/node:latest
```

> Step 2 : Checkout and pull code from GitHub

Reviewer: why do we need step here

```yaml
- checkout
```

Step 3 : Install all missing dependencies

```yaml
- run:
    name: npm-restore-deps
    command: npm install
    working_directory: samples/automation-test
```

Step 4 : Executing automation test script on Kobiton

```yaml
- run:
    name: app-auto-testing
    command: npm run automation-test-script
    working_directory: samples/automation-test
```

> For more information about how to execute automation test(s) on Kobiton, you can visit:
> - Kobiton automation testing documentation: https://docs.kobiton.com/automation-testing/automation-testing-with-kobiton/
> - Kobiton sample automation test scripts in other languages: https://github.com/kobiton/samples

> ### 3. Automation Test Execution

Reviewer: where is the automation inprogress on Kobiton site ?

# Integrating Kobiton into CircleCI mobile application development pipeline
## Table of contents
- [A. Integrating Kobiton with CircleCI](#a-integrating-kobiton-with-circleci)
    - [1. Preparation](#1-preparation)
    - [2. Setup](#2-setup)
        - [2.1. Setting Kobiton Username and API Key](#21-setting-kobiton-username-and-api-key)
        - [2.2. Setting Kobiton device desired capabilities](#22-setting-kobiton-device-desired-capabilities)
        - [2.3. CircleCI configuration file](#23-circleci-configuration-file)
    - [3. Automation Test Execution](#3-automation-test-execution)
- [B. Test session details](#b-test-session-details)
    - [1. Viewing test session details on Kobiton website](#1-viewing-test-session-details-on-kobiton-website)
    - [2. Fetching test session details using Kobiton REST API](#2-fetching-test-session-details-using-kobiton-rest-api)
- [C. Feedback](#c-feedback)

## A. Integrating Kobiton with CircleCI
### 1. Preparation
#### 1.1. Getting Kobiton Username and API key

> Kobiton Username and API key are required for authenticating with Kobiton.

Reviewer 2: just my suggestion, maybe shorten to "Username and API key... with Kobiton" or "Kobiton Username... authenticating".
@NguyenHoanTien hoan
@blackheat

> If you don't have a Kobiton account, visit https://portal.kobiton.com/register to create one.

> To get your Kobiton Username and API Key, follow instructions at `IV. Configure Test Script for Kobiton` section on [our blog article](https://kobiton.com/blog/tutorial/parallel-testing-selenium-webdriver/).

Reviewer 2: "our blog article" => I think "blog" and "article" must be different. Should use only "blog".

#### 1.2. Samples
To give you an in-depth demonstration of the integration flow, we have provided samples:
- Script for executing automation test on Kobiton devices : [automation-test-script.js](/samples/automation-test/automation-test-script.js).
- CircleCI configuration file : [config.yml](/.circleci/config.yml).

Follow steps below to get started:

1. Fork this repository.
2. Synchronize the forked repository with CircleCI.
> Refer to [CircleCI documentation](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/getting-started/) for instructions on how to synchronize a repository with CircleCI.
>

> > Note : At first synchronization, the build process will be failed to execute. This is normal, just ignore the `Build Failed` message.

Reviewer 2: This information may confuse a bit. It will be better if we can explain why the 1st sync is failed, and

### 2. Setup
#### 2.1. Setting Kobiton Username and API key

In your project configuration in CircleCI, add two environment variables:
- `KOBITON_USERNAME` : Your Kobiton's username.
- `KOBITON_API_KEY` : Your Kobiton's API Key.

Your `Environment Variables` window should look like this

![Environment variables](./assets/env-variables-after-add.png)

#### 2.2. Setting Kobiton device desired capabilities
In order to execute tests on a specific device in Kobiton, its corresponding desired capabilities needs to be supplied.

The provided automation testing script has been pre-configured to execute automation test of a demo Android application on a random, available Android devices.

**Demo application details**
```
- Filename: `ApiDemos-debug.apk`
- Download link: https://appium.github.io/appium/assets/ApiDemos-debug.apk
```

If you want to execute on a specific device, refer to instructions below to get the corresponding desired capabilities for that device.

**Setting up desired capabilities**
1. Go to https://portal.kobiton.com/login and login with your Kobiton account.
2. Click **"Devices"** at the top of the window.

> ![Devices button](./assets/devices-button.png)

Reviewer 2: Kobiton UI is changed now. Please update the latest one.

3. Hover over the device you want to execute on (in this example: `Pixel 2 XL`), click the gear button.

![Automation Settings button](./assets/gear-button.png)

4. In the `Automation Settings` popup:
- In `Language` section, choose `NodeJS`.
- In `App Type` section, choose `Hybrid/Native from Url`.
- In `Application Url` section, put `https://appium.github.io/appium/assets/ApiDemos-debug.apk`.

![Example Android DesiredCaps](./assets/desired-caps-example-android.png)

> 5. Add these environment variables to your project configuration in CircleCI with values of corresponding variables taken from the collected desired capabilities as shown in the table below

Reviewer 2: long sentence and hart to understand, may need to shorten or have some breaks.

| KOBITON_SESSION_APPLICATION_URL     | app                            | https://appium.github.io/appium/assets/ApiDemos-debug.apk |

For example, if desired capabilities for executing automation test of the provided demo Android application on Pixel 2 XL running Android 8.1.0:

```javascript
var desiredCaps = { 
  sessionName:        'Sample Automation Test Session',
  sessionDescription: 'This is a sample automation test session', 
  deviceOrientation:  'portrait',  
  captureScreenshots: false, 
  app:                'https://appium.github.io/appium/assets/ApiDemos-debug.apk',
  deviceGroup:        'KOBITON', 
  groupId:            100,
  deviceName:         'Pixel 2 XL',
  platformVersion:    '8.1.0',
  platformName:       'Android' 
}
```

The environment variables representing above desired capabilities should look like this:

![Desired Caps To ENV Example](./assets/desired-caps-circleci-env.png)

> More information about Desired Capabilities and its parameters can be found in https://docs.kobiton.com/automation-testing/desired-capabilities-usage/

#### 2.3. CircleCI configuration file

> The provided CircleCI configuration file we will be using looks like this:

Reviewer 2: "The provided CircleCI configuration file we will be using looks like this:" should change the sentence structure => suggest: "The provided CircleCI configuration file that will be used looks like this"

- KOBITON_USERNAME - Your Kobiton's username.
- KOBITON_API_KEY - Your Kobiton's API Key.

Your `Environment Variables` window should look like this

![Environment variables](./assets/env-variables-after-add.png)

#### 2.2. Setting Kobiton device desired capabilities
In order to execute tests with a specific device in Kobiton, its corresponding desired capabilities needs to be supplied.

In `samples/automation-test` folder, we have provided a sample script for executing automation test on Kobiton device(s). The provided script has been pre-configured to execute automation test of a demo Android application on one of available devices which name begins with `Galaxy`.

If you don't want to use default configuration, follow these steps below to get and configure desired capabilities for a specific device.

**Getting desired capabilities**
1. Go to https://portal.kobiton.com/login and login with your Kobiton account.
2. Click **"Devices"** at the top of the window.

![Devices button](./assets/devices-button.png)

3. Hover over the device you want to run the test script on (in this example: `Pixel 2 XL`), click the gear button.

> ![Automation Settings button](./assets/gear-button.png)

Reviewer 3: Need to update the image due to the latest information (groupID, related messages, etc.)

> # Integrating Kobiton into CircleCI-HockeyApp-Appium-ReactNative development pipeline

Reviewer: why do you name this file is `README` ? We already have one readme file

## Table of contents
- [A. Integrating Kobiton with CircleCI](#a-integrating-kobiton-with-circleci)
    - [1. Preparation](#1-preparation)
    - [2. Setup](#2-setup)
        - [2.1. Setting Kobiton Username and API Key](#21-setting-kobiton-username-and-api-key)
        - [2.2. Setting Kobiton device desired capabilities](#22-setting-kobiton-device-desired-capabilities)
        - [2.3. CircleCI configuration file](#23-circleci-configuration-file)

>     - [3. Execution](#3-execution)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [3. Execution Test](#3-execution Test)
```

Kobiton Username and API key are required for authenticating with Kobiton.

> If you don't have a Kobiton account, visit https://portal.kobiton.com/register to create one.

To get your Kobiton Username and API Key, follow instructions at `IV. Configure Test Script for Kobiton` section on [our blog article](https://kobiton.com/blog/tutorial/parallel-testing-selenium-webdriver/).

#### 1.2. Samples
In this repository, we have already provided samples for executing automation test in Kobiton using CircleCI:
- Script for executing automation test on Kobiton devices (`/samples/automation-test/automation-test-script.js`).
- CircleCI configuration file (`/.circleci/config.yml`).

Link to the `samples` folder: https://github.com/kobiton/CircleCI-HockeyApp-Appium-ReactNative/tree/master/samples

In this guide, we will be using the provided samples. Follow steps below to get started:

1. Fork this repository https://github.com/kobiton/CircleCI-HockeyApp-Appium-ReactNative
2. Synchronize the forked repository with CircleCI.
> Refer to https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/getting-started/ for instructions on how to synchronize a repository with CircleCI.

> > Note : At first synchronization, the build process will be failed to execute. This is normal, just ignore the `Build Failed` message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>
> Note : At first synchronization, the build process will be failed to execute. This is normal, just ignore the `Build Failed` message.
```

#### 2.2. Setting Kobiton device desired capabilities
In order to execute tests with a specific device in Kobiton, its corresponding desired capabilities needs to be supplied.

In `samples/automation-test` folder, we have provided a sample script for executing automation test on Kobiton device(s). The provided script has been pre-configured to execute automation test of a demo Android application on one of available devices which name begins with `Galaxy`.

Demo application details:
- Filename: ApiDemos-debug.apk
- Download link: https://appium.github.io/appium/assets/ApiDemos-debug.apk

If you don't want to use default configuration, follow these steps below to get and configure desired capabilities for a specific device.

**Getting desired capabilities**
1. Go to https://portal.kobiton.com/login and login with your Kobiton account.
2. Click **"Devices"** at the top of the window.

![Devices button](./assets/devices-button.png)

3. Hover over the device you want to run the test script on (in this example: `Pixel 2 XL`), click the gear button.

![Automation Settings button](./assets/gear-button.png)

4. In the `Automation Settings` popup:
- In `Language` section, choose `NodeJS`.

> - In `App Type` section, choose `Hybrid/Native from Apps`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In `App Type` section, choose `Hybrid/Native from Url`.
```

> - In `App Type` section, choose `Hybrid/Native from Apps`.

Reviewer: remind user to put app ApiDemos-debug.apk url to this

![Example Android DesiredCaps](./assets/desired-caps-example-android.png)

**Setting desired capabilities**

Add these environment variables to your project configuration in CircleCI with values of corresponding variables taken from the collected desired capabilities as shown in the table below

> | CircleCI Environment Variables      | Desired Capabilities Variables | Description                                         | Required                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CircleCI Environment Variables      | Desired Capabilities Variables | Description                                         | default value                |
```

|-------------------------------------|--------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|-------------------------|
| KOBITON_DEVICE_PLATFORM_NAME        | platformName                   | Kobiton Device Platform Name (e.g: Android, iOS)    | *YES*                   |
| KOBITON_DEVICE_PLATFORM_VERSION     | platformVersion                | Kobiton Device Platform Version                     | No                      |
| KOBITON_DEVICE_NAME                 | deviceName                     | Kobiton Device Name                                 | *YES*                   |

> | KOBITON_SESSION_NAME                | sessionName                    | Kobiton Session Name                                | No                      |

Reviewer: remove this

> | KOBITON_SESSION_DESCRIPTION         | sessionDescription             | Kobiton Session Description                         | No                      |

Reviewer: remove this

| KOBITON_SESSION_DEVICE_ORIENTATION  | deviceOrientation              | Device Orientation (e.g: Portrait, Landscape)       | No                      |
| KOBITON_SESSION_CAPTURE_SCREENSHOTS | captureScreenshots             | Enable screenshots capture during session execution | No                      |
| KOBITON_SESSION_DEVICE_GROUP        | deviceGroup                    | Kobiton device group                                | No                      |
| KOBITON_PRIVATE_DEVICE_UDID         | udid                           | UDID of In-House device                             | *In-House devices only* |
| KOBITON_ORGANIZATION_GROUP_ID       | groupId                        | Group ID of the device                              | No                      |
| KOBITON_SESSION_APPLICATION_URL     | app                            | Download link to the application used for testing   | *YES*                   |

> For example, if a desired caps for executing automation test of a sample Android application at `https://sampleapplication.com/sample.apk` on Pixel 2 XL running Android 8.1.0:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if a desired caps for executing automation test on Pixel 2 XL running Android 8.1.0:
```
use our sample app

```javascript
var desiredCaps = { 
  sessionName:        'Sample Automation Test Session',
  sessionDescription: 'This is a sample automation test session', 
  deviceOrientation:  'portrait',  
  captureScreenshots: false, 

>   app:                'https://sampleapplication.com/sample.apk',

Reviewer: use our app

  deviceGroup:        'KOBITON', 
  groupId:            100,
  deviceName:         'Pixel 2 XL',
  platformVersion:    '8.1.0',
  platformName:       'Android' 
}
```

The environment variables representing above desired capabilities should look like this:

> ![Desired Caps To ENV Example](./assets/desired-caps-circleci-env.png)

Reviewer: change this images

> More information about Desired Capabilities and its parameters can be found in https://docs.kobiton.com/automation-testing/desired-capabilities-usage/

#### 2.3. CircleCI configuration file
The provided CircleCI configuration file that we will be using looks like this:

```yaml
version: 2
jobs:
  build:
    working_directory: ~/sample
    docker:
      - image: circleci/node:latest
    steps:
      - checkout
      - run:
          name: update-npm
          command: 'sudo npm install -g npm@latest'
      - run:
          name: npm-restore-deps
          command: npm install
          working_directory: samples/automation-test
      - run:
          name: app-auto-testing
          command: npm run automation-test-script
          working_directory: samples/automation-test
```

> 

Reviewer: add some explanation

```

Step 2 : Checkout and pull code from GitHub

```yaml
- checkout
```

Step 3 : Update npm to latest version

```yaml
- run:
    name: update-npm
    command: 'sudo npm install -g npm@latest'
```

Step 4 : Install all missing dependencies

```yaml
- run:
    name: npm-restore-deps
    command: npm install
    working_directory: samples/automation-test
```

Step 5 : Executing automation test script on Kobiton

```yaml
- run:
    name: app-auto-testing
    command: npm run automation-test-script
    working_directory: samples/automation-test
```

> For more information about how to execute automation test(s) on Kobiton, you can visit:
> - Kobiton automation testing documentation: https://docs.kobiton.com/automation-testing/automation-testing-with-kobiton/
> - Kobiton sample automation test scripts in other languages: https://github.com/kobiton/samples

### 3. Execution
- Simply re-initiate the build process on CircleCI and it will execute the automation test script on Kobiton.
- Your test execution progress can be viewed on CircleCI.

![CircleCI build execution title](./assets/test-title.png)

![CircleCI build execution report](./assets/test-details.png)

> ## B. Fetching test session data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## B. Test session result 
```

> ## B. Fetching test session data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## B. Test session result 
```

### 1. Viewing test session data on Kobiton website

Your test session can be viewed on Kobiton website. Follow these steps below

1. Go to https://portal.kobiton.com/sessions, login with your Kobiton account.
2. You will see your executed sessions and their statuses.

> ![Kobiton session execution](./assets/session-running-kobiton.png)

Reviewer: move this image to above part, and replace this image to the correct ones
